[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Grey aliens, many originating
from the constellation
of Orion, are perhaps the
most commonly encountered
extraterrestrial
species that we know.
Named for the coloration
of their skin,
they're often confused with
extraterrestrial biological
entities, or Ebens, who are
also gray in appearance.
While there are several
species of Greys,
they're most often described as
having small synthetic bodies,
hairless heads with
large black eyes,
and an individual
consciousness within.
These are the small
beings also depicted
in various historic
artifacts around the world.
To what degree are
the Greys involved
in the history of humankind?
And to what extent might they
be influencing our destiny as we
look to the future?
>> Based on the Defense
Intelligence Agency
classifications of
extraterrestrial groups,
which I had access to
information relating to that,
there are two groups or
two classification degrees.
The first one are the Ebens.
The Ebens came to us here in
1947 when one of their crafts
crashed in Corona, New
Mexico in Horse Mesa.
We recovered one
live ET, one Eben.
He was in captivity in 1952.
The second classification
of Greys are the Hepaloids.
They look similar to
the Ebens, but they
come from a different planet.
They look different
in respects to size.
And pop culture or
society, in general,
that had access to both
the Ebens and Hepaloids
confuse them.
And they classify them all in
one category, but that's wrong.
>> When we're looking
at Grey species,
we're dealing with so many
different appearances,
and yet they've all got the
similar quality which makes
them a Grey.
So it seems to be,
from my perspective,
that they've been
hybridized multiple times.
And we're seeing a lot of
different types of features.
So there's a basic small
2-foot, 3-foot tall Grey
who's pretty much just a robot.
Then there's the
classic Grey, which
is the 4-foot tall,
big headed person
with relatively long limbs.
Very ashen grey, which is
where they get their name,
and the classic wrap round
eyes which they all have.
Now, when we get to
that, we're looking
at appearance that
is the classic Grey
appearance and maybe the
kind of root of the Grey.
>> The Hepaloids, their head
was proportionately larger than
their body, their
face was round,
the skin tone of the head was
slightly darker than the skin
tone of the body, and maybe
that was for protection.
They had larger eyes.
The eyes had a couple of
different lenses protecting
the irises or maybe the
optic nerve from radiation
or from bright light.
The mouth had just a small
slit, but it could widen.
They could widen the mouth.
The ear canal was small
exterior, larger interior.
Their hearing, they had a huge
vessel inside their ear canal.
The Hepaloids had
teeth or something
that we would consider teeth,
a hard palate, so to speak.
The Hepaloids had different
organs, almost similar to ours.
They had a heart, or what
we would consider a heart,
and they had one big organ
that straddled the heart, which
we would consider a lung.
They had two different
gullets or stomachs.
I think the description by
one particular physician
was that the skin
was very fibrous.
We couldn't identify
what that fiber was.
We first thought it
was a protective layer.
The exterior of the
Hepaloids would change
or it would glow or would darken
somewhat, the fibrous material.
And that was, we think,
some form of protection.
The wrists, I remember,
on the Hepaloids,
were very, very bony compared to
the bone structure on the Eben
wrist.
And that allowed the
Hepaloids to move their hands
in very strange ways, nothing
like what a human could move
their hand, almost 360 degrees.
So their anatomy was
different than the Ebens.
So we classified--
at that point,
the DIA classified this
particular group of Greys
as Hepaloids.
>> In a secret access
program located in Germany,
where they have direct
face-to-face relationship with
Grey extraterrestrials, Tim,
whose role as a tactical
advisor working in a
diplomatic capacity,
had more than 100 encounters
with a small Grey species.
>> I'm not a biologist
here by any means.
But the way I understand
this is that the fiber that
is being used on the
small Grey puppets
resists a lot of power forces.
And it resists certain
atmospherical phenomena
that could occur.
They also have specific design
on the lenses of their eyes,
which means they are able to
see within that atmosphere
wherever they are going.
Compared to a planet
that is mostly
clouds of acid or
something, to be
able to see through these
different conditions,
you need differently
printed eyes
and differently structured
organs, for example.
They have different
classes, and they're
also constantly
evolving and rearranging
their genetic profile.
We have different colors like
green, bronze, a type of violet
purple, and the greyish color.
Those different colors define
certain different classes
within the society of the Grey.
So not all Greys are grey and
not all grey species are Greys.
Which might be confusing
for some researchers
because they hear stories
about greyish beings
which might not even be
part of the Grey community.
>> Because of the fiber
printed material that Greys use
as bodies for specific missions,
some investigators conclude
that we're dealing with robotic
artificial intelligence.
>> People sometimes think
that the Greys are robots,
which they are not.
They use a artificial
fiber material in order
to build their puppets,
which they are.
They're using puppets.
But they are not robots.
It's just that they use
a certain genetic profile
and fiber print millions
of those artificial bodies.
We have a very
particular case in which
a species got rid of all
their natural occurring bodies
and replaced it with a vessel
that can be fiber printed.
And might be, in the
design process, something
that is from an
artificial nature.
But we are not dealing
with a species that is AI.
And I think that
needs to be clarified
because a lot of people
heard about the idea
that the Greys is a complete
AI species, which they're not.
Inside of this
artificial body, we still
have a consciousness
that has a soul
while a robot does not have
a naturally occurring soul.
They might have
something that comes
close to that on an AI
level later in the process,
but Greys do.
It might be different
in a way that they
come from a different
cultural standpoint,
but it's still a natural soul
inhabiting consciousness that
is within an artificial body.
>> I think over the years, we've
learned that there are a lot
of different biological, and
then androids are robotics,
extraterrestrials.
Well, I don't
personally know, and I
don't know that the agency
that's studying these
know exactly whether
they're connected
to one particular race
or whether they're
a separate race.
Now, there's so much
that we don't know,
and there's so much conflict
in the UFO community
about which entity is here?
Which entity is real?
Which entity did
a writer make up?
So that's the confusion
that society is stuck with.
>> Perhaps more than any
other extraterrestrial group,
the Greys, including the grey
extraterrestrial biological
entities, are amongst the best
documented by both intelligence
agencies and
independent researchers.
While the consensus is that
grey extraterrestrials show up
in a variety of forms with a
limited observable emotional
persona, no one is certain about
their intentions and agendas.
Or their association
with other ET influences.
Since the early 1970s,
investigative science reporter
Linda Moulton Howe has
been at the forefront
of examining these cases.
>> The role that the Greys have
played for the whole century
of the, going from 1947 at
least up into the 21st century,
you will find documents,
and you will find people
in the abduction syndrome
who will talk about the Greys
as one kind even though they
are referring to maybe a 2-foot
or 3-foot that woke them up in
bed and it was involved with
an abduction.
Or people out in a
ranch in Colorado
who were Cowboys and saw
two small Grey beings
literally defy gravity
and rise in the air
and go over the
fence of a corral.
So going all the way
back to the early '40s
and coming up
through the decades,
as there were
animal mutilations,
the small Greys were linked.
As there were human
abductions that most people
were describing at their bed
or at the side, small Greys.
In the 1940s, '50s,
'60s, nobody knew that,
why were all of these things
showing up around beds?
Well, today, it would
be like we sent out
some artificial
intelligence to do
some kind of experimental work.
So you have an issue of humans
reporting what they see.
And then trying to extrapolate
back, they're sort of all grey,
they sort of have
black lens eyes,
but what is the
relationship between them,
and what is the relationship
between the Greys and the Ebens
and other biological entities
that we know have played
a crucial role on planet Earth,
and those are called the Tall
Whites or Tall Pales.
>> It's important to note that
when Greys are seen aboard
spacecraft, they're often
alongside other types
of extraterrestrial
intelligences.
Contactees report
seeing beings that
resemble praying mantis
types, as well as those who
are Nordic looking humanoids.
It is suggested that the Greys
appear as workers on the craft,
while the other ETs
are the supervisors.
>> The Greys, they use a certain
technology in order to fiber
print their small bodies, but
they also sell this technology.
So in a contactee scenario where
you have one certain species,
like a mantis or
reptile or whatever,
and you have small Greys
performing something,
that doesn't necessarily
mean that the Grey
tribe is involved.
It just means that somebody
could have bought or get
their hands on the small
greyish bodies in order
for them to perform something.
>> I believe our seed form,
our genetic code is very,
very sophisticated.
And so some intelligences,
and some of them are grey
intelligences, some of them
are reptilian intelligences,
want some of our DNA to mix
with theirs for a greater
understanding and a
greater soul intelligence,
because they don't
have that capability.
>> What we know about the
Greys originates from a variety
of disciplines.
Some people have
experienced direct contact.
Others work in
intelligence agencies.
Then there are those who channel
information, like Marina Jacobi
who learned about their
technology in relation
to timelines, where
past, present, and future
are all interconnected.
>> In order for species that
did not make it in a future
timeline to really start
reconstructing their bodies,
they needed original DNA,
which they had to take from
our timeline.
So they came in with the agenda
to take DNA out of our species
through the permission
of the governments.
And this is where it became very
messy because different groups
got involved.
The human race of the government
didn't know too much about it.
They were kept in the dark.
So there was an agenda for
survival from the Greys
because they were dying off.
They couldn't reprint
the DNA anymore.
The atmosphere now
became very difficult.
They end up using the
technology to enhance their DNA
because the original
human has the DNA that
is the original blueprint
from God consciousness itself.
And this is why a
lot of species here
from so-called beings on
Earth that completely all
disengage with the
illusion, and they
don't realize that when you
change the DNA of the human,
you do not hold the same
sequences through the chakras
to convert, to open
these portals to expand
into another level of existence.
And this is why there's
a lot of situations
now here that people
are being manipulated.
>> So if were were talking
about technology of the Greys,
one of the technologies
for example,
that they use in some
contactee scenarios,
it's either frequency
technology that comes from them,
which is basically altering
and modifying the brainwaves.
And the brainwaves
then determines
what kind of neurons
and neurological stimuli
are being released.
This is one technology
that they use.
The other technology is
the temporal technology,
which basically means that they
create a certain timeline that
only exists for a
certain amount of time.
In this timeline, they sort
of create a contact scenario
with people, but then
they delete the timeline.
So people wake from that
sequence of their life,
but they don't have the corporal
memory because that timeline
never existed.
But still because consciousness
is outside of time as well,
all the experiences
and communication
that has been done
outside of time
is still stored in the
consciousness of a person.
So that is, for example,
a temporal technology
the Greys are using.
Meaning setting up,
opening a timeline,
doing stuff there, and then
deleting that timeline.
But all the stuff that had
been communicated in there
are still stored in the
individual consciousness
without the body being
able to memorize things.
>> It is through this telepathic
communication where contactees
have gained insights into the
possible agendas of the Greys.
Including their ability
to affect timelines.
>> So let us go back
furthermore in Earth history.
We are dealing with a situation
many thousands of years
ago from a temporal
perspective of time,
a linear perspective of time.
What we are dealing
with is a situation
where the very early
humans are developing,
and there is this
temporal dimension
to the Galactic
legislative system, where
whoever comes first
has more rights
on planetary evolvement than
those species who come later.
But if you think about
the Greys as a temporal
or as a time traveling species,
but other ETs are, as well,
time traveling species,
then temporal dimension
and temporal legislative
rules, they just
don't make any sense anymore.
Because every time
someone places something
in the history of something,
then the other fraction
might just go back one day
earlier and place it there.
And then you have always--
you have the same
thing going on forever.
There are other aspects
to legislative rules
that need to be looked upon.
And one of them is
genetic profiles.
Which means if you
have a certain amount
of genetic material
on one planet,
then you have a right to
interfere with that planet.
Because on the overall
scale of the universe,
there is one agreement
that you should not
interfere with
planetary evolvement
unless you have
a right to do so.
So I'm basically saying that the
Greys, from their perspective,
think that they are responsible
for the seeding of humanity
today.
But I also say that there
are many more sources saying
that the Greys have done
manipulation of genetics.
>> According to what Tim
has learned from the Greys
directly, the Greys are
conscious beings who use
sophisticated artificial
bodies in an effort to optimize
their own evolution
and that of others.
Part of their agenda with
us is to correct decisions
from an earlier
version of themselves
that they have long
since outlived.
>> What they are interested
in is basically two things.
Different genetic profiles,
and the second thing
is that they are interested in
the experiences that come along
with being human.
>> While there are several
possible theories about
the Greys and their agendas,
perhaps the most important
question to be raised
is, can we trust them?
>> I have talked with one
man who worked in the Defense
Intelligence Agency who
told me, quote, "Linda,
our government has proof
that three competing
extraterrestrial civilizations
have been mixing and matching
genes to create all kinds
of life forms on this planet
for at least 270 million years.
Before the time
of the dinosaurs."
And there is something about
that that has always made sense
to me when you match up
what people have said
and the stories
that are in books.
And it may be that those
are the three civilizations
that the DIA guy meant
when he said there
have been three competing.
Greys, blondes,
and the reptilian.
But he went further and said
the reptilians say and claim
that they have been
on Earth first.
Sort of like the
Garden of Eden story.
And they resent the coming
of the blondes and the Greys.
And that the three had been
at each other's throats
over this planet because it
is an extraordinary planet.
That it is really more
like a laboratory.
Well, if the Greys showed up,
let's say they're third here,
maybe they were
late to this party.
And they end up somehow
stumbling into this Earth
situation where the reptiles
have already been here,
the blonde Nordics are
newcomers to the planet,
it may make sense
then that when you
get to the 20th and
the 21st centuries,
you do have a lot
of military people
who have had
missions with these.
We say, they think
that the Nordics
want to help us because they
want the reptilians out.
The Greys, they think, may want
to help us in a friendly way
because they want
to stay on a planet
that they can cohabit
with and survive.
The blondes don't
hate the Greys.
So they would be tolerated.
But the blondes and the
reptilians hate each other
and want to annihilate.
Leaving the Greys as a kind
of strange neutral ground
between the two.
>> And they are evolving and a
learning species just as much
as any other species
in the whole universe.
And at one point
or another, they
have calculated this
very intellectualized way
of what is the balance or
the best way, so to speak,
and they came to a
100% success rate.
But that also makes them, in
their eyes, the last species
of the universe,
and then the species
who turns off the light.
And then we have a new scenario.
So that is basically
their own approach.
They are pretty harsh
on themselves as well
in a way, which is
kind of interesting.
So they get rid of all
their genetic precursors
and genetic history
by constantly
evolving and integrating
new experiences
in their own species.
It's a very interesting
approach how
to handle both the universe
and its challenges.
>> The Greys can manipulate
DNA to further improve
the potential of a human soul.
More significantly, the
Greys have the ability
to insert souls
into other beings
for enriching both the human
and the Greys' experiences.
To improve their
mutual evolution,
is it possible that
through closely monitoring
the human experience,
the Greys can
regain their own spirituality,
as well as enhance
the growth of human souls?
>> It's an interesting
concept that the Greys,
they see themselves
as gardeners.
So I've spoken to them once,
and they gave me the example
that some people
love their garden
to be wild and let everything
grow however it wants to grow,
and there are some people
that like their garden
to be neat and tidy.
And that's the way the
Greys see themselves.
They say that they
like their evolution
to be as smooth as possible.
They think of this as
a process of keeping
tonal dynamics, which means
that everyone who's evolving
and has a certain
idea of creation,
because that is a very
important part of evolution
of consciousness,
everyone needs to create
their own concept of
creation so that everyone
can have their own home.
This is something the universe
relies upon because it
needs this kind of diversity.
And the Greys,
they see themselves
as protectors of
that natural process.
>> If you think about gardeners
of humanity and the possibility
that they are being our
custodians and they've evolved
us, there's a possibility that
the Greys are actually trying
to engineer something that's
gone wrong in the future.
And they're trying to
intervene at the very beginning
when these changes
are occurring.
So it's possible
that they have got
a benevolent view of being
able to repair the past
or fix the past.
Now, as humans, we can only
think of fixing events.
So many people would wish that
they could change an event.
But, of course, we know it
cascades into the future
and changes so
many other aspects.
If they are trying to
fix a future crisis,
then they have a benevolent
reason to be here.
But they can't
tell us or disclose
because it would be a disaster.
So it's possible that there's a
fundamental change coming that
disturbs our entire genome.
Perhaps they have done
something in our future
that makes them
what they are now,
which is incapable of breeding.
Which to us, as human
beings, infertility.
So you imagine an entire
species, which may be us,
have an infertility, which means
annihilation and/or snuffing
out of our entire race,
that would be reason
enough to do this.
>> The Greys have this one
goal and one goal only approach
to the universe, where they
want to achieve a connection
throughout every possible
race and individual and every
particle that there is.
So if you're asking if the
Greys are us from the future,
I would say that they
are a possibility for us
in the future.
From where we stand now,
it's still something
that everyone needs
to decide upon just
the way the universe works.
But also we are dealing
with a species that,
in the last cycle of
beings on this planet,
was involved with the
evolution of humanity.
And some of the
ancient humans that
were inhabiting this planet
have been collected from them
and integrated into
their system, as well
as their genetic
profiles have been
integrated in the human
species and their genomes.
So I would say there's
a strong relationship.
I also talked about
the Greys saying
that they consider themselves
the fathers of humanity.
But the outcome
that comes from that
is still something
that the universe
is developing right now.
Yeah.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> While the Greys have their
own agenda to spread across
the universe and fulfill
their own concept of order
and harmony, is this universal
expansionism best for humanity?
One could argue that
humankind is better off
with our own natural evolution.
Escaping the grip of materialism
in favor of the timeless realm
of spirit.
Next time on "Deep Space," we
explore the grey-colored beings
known as Extraterrestrial
Biological Entities, or Ebens.
[MUSIC PLAYING]